[Security Solution] Installation review pagination: Backend (#247375)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/solutions/security/plugins/security_solution/docs/testing/test_plans/detection_response/prebuilt_rules/prebuilt_rule_installation.md

  | installing individual |
```

#### **Scenario: Installation review API endpoint rejects invalid `page` and `per_page` parameters**

**Automation**: 2 integration tests with mock rules - one per each parameter.

```Gherkin
Given a prebuilt rule asset exists in Kibana
When user calls the review installation endpoint with invalid value for <field>
Then the endpoint should return a 400 error with the correct error message

Examples:
| field    | valid value                          |
| page     | positive integer                     |
| per_page | positive integer, max value is 10000 |
```

#### **Scenario: Installation review API endpoint returns an empty response when `page` and `per_page` parameters select rules out of bounds**

**Automation**: 1 integration test with mock rules.

```Gherkin
Given <num_prebuilt_rule_assets> non-installed prebuilt rule assets exist in Kibana
When user calls the review installation endpoint with <page> and <per_page> parameters
And <page> * <per_page> is greater than N

> Then the endpoint should return an empty list of rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given <num_prebuilt_rule_assets> non-installed prebuilt rule assets exist in Kibana
When user calls the review installation endpoint with <page> and <per_page> parameters
And <page> * <per_page> is greater than <num_prebuilt_rule_assets>
Then the endpoint should return an empty list
```
